2024-07-25-vue-setup-with-project-references/README.md, before:

# 2024-07-25-vue-setup-with-project-references

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)

```sh
# Install browsers for the first run
npx playwright install

# When testing on CI, must build the project first
npm run build

# Runs the end-to-end tests
npm run test:e2e
# Runs the tests only on Chromium
npm run test:e2e -- --project=chromium
# Runs the tests of a specific file
npm run test:e2e -- tests/example.spec.ts
# Runs the tests in debug mode
npm run test:e2e -- --debug
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

Have tsconfig.vitest.json reference tsconfig.app.json as it should.
Previously, tsconfig.vitest.json also `include`d app/production code since
- tsconfig.vitest.json extended tsconfig.app.json
- tsconfig.app.json includes production code
- tsconfig.vitest.json didn't specify `include` on its own

The whole point of project references, however, is to *not* do that and keep
production and test code separate.

While `pnpm run type-check` works fine with this change, this seems to produce
an error in VSCode¹ in HelloWorld.spec.ts:

```
File '[…]/tsconfig-test/2024-07-25-vue-setup-with-project-references/src/components/HelloWorld.vue'
is not listed within the file list of project
```

Notably, importing `foo.ts` from the same folder does *not* cause this issue,
so this seems to be Vue-specific.

¹) VSCode with extensions Vue/Volar + Vitest.

2024-07-25-vue-setup-with-project-references/README.md, after:

This sample project is based on the folder structure & configs generated by `npm
create vue@latest`, and has been modified to use TSC project references
consistently (e.g. tests _reference_ the production code / code-under-test but
do not `include` it).


# README auto-generated by [create-vue](https://github.com/vuejs/create-vue)

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)

```sh
# Install browsers for the first run
npx playwright install

# When testing on CI, must build the project first
npm run build

# Runs the end-to-end tests
npm run test:e2e
# Runs the tests only on Chromium
npm run test:e2e -- --project=chromium
# Runs the tests of a specific file
npm run test:e2e -- tests/example.spec.ts
# Runs the tests in debug mode
npm run test:e2e -- --debug
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```
